The Program doesn’t require any external libraries or knowledge to run. The only option 
present is the ability to switch between files and you can do that by simply typing “c”
as for change. When pressed you will be prompted to enter name of the file.
The color varies based on the data, more a number is higher more intense blue will appear.  This choice was made to give an idea to the user of intensity, the more bright color is a higher value we have.
The program now has brushed selection interaction, which mean the user can select a zone and he/she can see that part highlighted in all the different plot.
The user will be displayed with all the possible combination and on the side the attribute that the graph is about. I had to remove. The numbers on the bottom, because it was kind of distracting and probably it was making the program messy, especially when the data set was very big as for the wine when the program has to display 66 scatterplot. This is why I preferred this cleaner look. The code to enable the numbers is there it just need to remove the comments. I had a little bit of troubles making the vector of object, because apparently making objects in that way was causing the application to not working properly. Likely everything was fixed and it is working. I liked this implementation because it gave the opportunity to play a little bit more with the data and discover some trends, that I would not have not seen. However, I think this application is not as useful as the part2 application because you can’t really select the plot that you are interested in, but it is more a overall comparison. I also found openframeworoks a little bit slow and laggy dealing with this application. Especially if I change a file “on the go” by pressing c. When in loads back the data, it kind needs a little bit of Time to reset everything to normal even the mouse interaction. I think another implementation that would be make the application better is the zoom. Not the same zoom as in part 2 but more a zoom where you can select a specific graph and be able to use all the features in part2. I also think the user could also choose the way to display the data, because here we are just dealing with scatterplot, but maybe see a different graph could be useful. 

By looking at data set of Abalone I was able to see a relationship between the viscera weight and whole weight, I can see that the heavier is the viscera the overall weight is higher and also the shell weight is directly proportional to the whole weight. I found that the shell weight is higher if the length is higher the shell is also heavier. 

By looking at the data set of the Iris I can see that higher is the petal Length the wider the petal is. I also found that if the petal width is high also the sepal width is high. Other than that I didn’t find any major trends.

By looking at the mpg I found the kind of expected ones more acceleration more horsepower and also more horsepower heavier the car. I also understood that the 3 cylinder vehicle can have more acceleration than 5 cycled car.I am not an expert in car so I would have assume the opposite.

By looking the wine data I can tell that density is almost the same based on the alcohol percentage. That ph of alcohol is fixe. Here I didn’t find any other trend because it was so hard to look at the data that it was almost confusing.I think too much data is displayed and unless you know what you are looking for you this view didn’t allow me to have a different understating.

